1. Be big enough to admit, encourage and admire the abilities people who are better than you.
2. It is the difference between each individual that makes us special.
3. When time never waits you should ask why you are waiting for the right time. If time never waits then there is no wrong time to begin doing right things.
4. Politicians are the same anywhere; they promise to construct bridges even where there is no river.
5. Life gives us new lessons each day not for learning but to improve our understanding.
6. Take a break often and visit yourself every once in a while.
7. Spend your whole life waiting for the storm and miss out on enjoying the sunshine.
8. Fear can hold you prisoner and hope will set you free.
9. Always keep in mind you are unique – just like everybody else.
10. Only real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.
11. You can turn your ordinary personality into a human magnet just through constant thankfulness.
12. Success is the sum of several small efforts repeated often day in and day out.
13. Every bad situation has some good. Even a stopped clock shows the right time twice a day.
14. Absence of God = Absence of peace. Know God and Know peace.
15. From birth we have to options; become the slave or master of our destiny.
16. We can wear a smile even when hurting and feel happy even while unhappy. It is called strength.
17. Success comprises of 90% attitude and 10% talents.
18. Live in Now. Make Now the most precious time because Now will never come again.
19. Many people are desperate owing to an illusion that they have none.
20. Always ask yourself, If not me, then who. And if not now, then when.
21. “Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.”
22. Success in life could be defined as the continued expansion of happiness and the progressive realization of worthy goals.
23. “Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.”
24. I want to define success by redefining it. For me it isn’t that solely mythical definition – glamour, allure, power of wealth, and the privilege from care. Any definition of success should be personal because it’s so transitory. It’s about shaping my own destiny.
25. It is the satisfaction of doing it for yourself and motivating others to work with you in bringing it about. It is about the fun, innovation, creativity with the rewards being far greater than purely financial.”